Army jumpsuit
A standard model army jumpsuit. It's made from a durable\nmaterial that withstands fire well.
Collared blouse
A simple blouse with a fancy collar. Offers next to no protection\nbut looks formal and nice.
Army uniform
A standard Bremen uniform. The material is somewhat durable against\nknives and other slashing weapons.
Silk vest
A tailor-made silk vest. It fits you perfectly. It's defensive\ncapabilities are mostly otherwordly.
Rugged vest
A simple yet stylish vest. Offers very little protection,\nbut it truly is stylish.
Sturdy overalls
Sturdy worker's overalls. They offer decent protection and\nare especially efficient against fire.
Turtleneck shirt
Stahlhelm
A Bremen-style helmet made of steel. Feels uncomfortable but\noffers great protection. Protects against concussion.
Pickelhaube
A decorative helmet made from hardened leather with reinforced\nmetal trims. It's an out-of-date model but works just fine.
Eclipse talisman
An eastern style talisman with decorations depicting\nan eclipse of the sun.
Dragoon helmet
A 18th century cavalry metal helmet. It doesn't stay on very\nwell and feels clumsy, but offer great protection.
Ballistic shield
A military grade ballistic shield.
Plank shield
A simple makeshift shield. This particular one seems to be\nbroken beyond repair...
Shield of the Four
An enchanted shield with severed hands placed to ward off\notherwordly powers.
A simple makeshift shield. Offers a little bit protection.
Betel's stone
The ring of a long gone new god Betel. The ring has magic\nimbued in it that is constantly leaking from the crystal.
Ring of the still-blood
A ring that is said to make blood still and thus prevent\nbleeding. There's no way to explain this but magic.
Fluted armpieces
Armpieces that clearly belong to a larger setup. On their own\nthey already offer decent protection and prevent arm loss.
Fluted breastplate
An old medieval breastplate that seems to belong to a larger\nsetup. On its own it already offers great protection.
Fluted fauld
A fauld that clearly belong to a larger setup, most likely\nto an armor set. On its own it already offers decent protection.
Fluted armor
An old medieval armor that is in surprisingly good shape.\nThe decoration suggests this armor came from Valland originally.
Bremen chestplate
A plate mail armor offers great defence, but is rather clunky\nand uncomfortable to use. The armor has egravings of a Bremen eagle.
Arm guards
A pair of arm guards that prevent serious injuries.
Soul devour necklace
A silver necklace with a soul stone embedded on it. The stone\nprotects against otherwordly powers.
Cameo
A cameo carving of a beautiful woman from a bygone era. The \njewel emits strange aura...
Eyeglasses
You can see the world clearer with these. Improves the\naccuracy of its wearer greatly.
Broken eyeglasses
You can see the world clearer with these. Or you could if\nthey weren't broken...
Beheaded wizard
A dried and burned severed head. The face is forever left\nin a spiteful grimace. The head is not without purpose though,\nsomekind of power in it reflects otherwordly attacks occasionally.
Leechmonger ring
A hefty ring forged by the Hermit Mages of South who dedicated\ntheir lives to the God of the Depths hundreds of years ago.\nThe mages were able to infuse the ring with life draining magic.
Guardian cameo
A cameo carving of a beautiful woman from a bygone era.\nThe jewel emits strange aura... It is now possessed and grants\nprotection to those in low health.
Hardened heart
A crystalized and hardened heart that has seen its share of pain\nand suffering. It now offers a glimpse of the same determination\nits previous owner had to its new master.
Small thing's amulet
A crudely shaped amulet representing a rat deity. The peculiar\nthing is imbued with prayers of the ratkin that grant its wearer\na small boost in agility to help evade possible dangers.
Salmonsnake rune
An old relic from northern warrior tribes of Oldegård. The rune is said\nto contain a soul of a Salmonsnake that gives its owner a hardened skin\nthat prevents limb losses, burns and bleeding.
Ring of wraiths
A ring with a blood diamond embedded on it. The diamond has seen\nso much death that life force is leaking from it. The priests of Rondon\nhave slaves digging these diamonds no matter the cost.
Thorned ring
A ring with thorns that emit steady flow of poison to its wearer.\nSteady flow makes one immune to more potent toxins.
Foldable wheelchair
A special lightweight foldable wheelchair. It is easy and fast\nto set up and feels surprisingly durable despite its size.
Linen vest
A rather nonchalant linen vest. It's defensive capabilities are \nmostly otherwordly.
Combat jacket
A military-issue combat jacket that has become popular with\ncivilians as well.
Gentleman's hat
A fine looking gentleman's hat. It's a little bit old fashioned\nbut some things are timeless.
Kashmir suit
A natural white kashmir suit.\nYou feel especially confident in such a fine suit and thus your\nhit, evasion and critical rates are all boosted.
Pilot jacket
A pilot jacket.
Yellow mage robes
Traditional wear of a yellow mage. The robes have multiple\ndifferent patterns from multiple different cultures. Different\ndangly bits and talismans protect its user from otherwordly powers.
Suede jacket
A fine suede jacket with button closure on front. It is a little\nbit worn at places but overall in great condition.\nWearing such nice jacket boosts your confidence and critical rate.
Pigskin gas mask
A crude gas mask made out of pigskin. It's not the most reliable\nprotection against toxic gasses, but better than nothing.
Bremen gas mask
Gas mask of the Bremen flame troopers. Flame troopers were often\nused in city warfare where they would scorch everything in sight.
Bremen elite helmet
The helmet clearly takes inspiration from ancient Lombardia\nwhere fighters clad in armor would duel for people's entertainment.
Chac chac
A seemingly simple shaker instrument. The combination of the\npebbles inside and the various pearls tied onto it create a\nhypnotic rhytm that helps one to focus on the otherwordly.
Yggaegetsu amulet
An eastern style amulet that is said to have belonged to the deity\nof the wandering warriors, Yggaegetsu. The amulet boosts confidence\nin your own prowess and increases the chance of critical hits.
Molded doll
Enchanted doll that is covered in a white substance that can\nonly be described as mold.
Smelter key
A key that has seemingly melt in high temperatures. The key feels\nheavier than it's supposed to as if something is attached to it.\nA spirit protects the wearer from fire and flames.
Epee mask
A simple mask used in competitive fencing. It isn't particularly\ndefensive except against piercing attacks.
Fencing gambeson
A traditional armor used in fencing. The armor offers decent\nprotection, but it is vulnerable against fire.
The darkness
A living and seeping darkness that attaches itself to whoever\ndares to touch it and live in symbiosis with it.
A military grade ballistic shield. Used often in riots. If\nyou are lucky, it might even stop bullets.
Artificial soul
There are rumours that Bremen experimented with creating artificial\nsouls to power their unholy rituals. If this truly is one of those\nit could be used to channel otherwordly more efficiently.
Eye of Sylvian
Said to be an eye of the older god Sylvian herself. How it could\nhave ended up here is a mystery. You have your doubts. It does\nseem to boost the recovery effect of healing items and magic...
Leather armor
Simple armor made from hardened leather. Offers decent protection\nand it's not too heavy.
Makeshift armor
A makeshift armor made from random kitchenware. The breastplate\nis an old stove lid. Desperate times breed creativity.
99 eyes mask
A mysterious skull mask from a faraway continent of Vinland.\nThe mask is said to raise one's perception.
Makeshift full armor
Death mask
A burial mask used in old Bohemia. The mask is designed so that\nthe death gurgle of its wearer sounds more like laughter of joy. Because\nof its connection to death, the mask has otherwordly properties.
Chainmail dress
An armor consisting of small metal rings linked together to form\na mesh that protects its wearer.
Pinecone pig
Your very own pinecone pig. It's an old traditional children's trinket\nfrom the northern land of Oldergård. You can craft one by attaching\n4 sticks to a pinecone and adding a hint of love to the mix.
One-winged necklace
A necklace in the shape of a wing of a butterfly. There is a carving\non the other side: "You cannot have something new before you rip a\nwing of a butterfly and sacrifice something in return."
It's an old vintage necklace. You and your sister both have one of\nof the wings. It has always been a bit too flashy and big for your\ntaste. You prefer more modest jewelry.
Blue noctuid necklace
Combining the two wings into one makes it a complete moth necklace.\nThe necklace eminates special aura that protects from the otherwordly.\nAura that only manifest when one is low on health.
Joy mask
A leathery mask from ancient times. It is trying to mimic human face\nwith mixed results. The mask does bring joy to whoever wears it.