Attack
Guard
Hatchet
Bite
Pummel
The appendage skitters away...
The appendage is pulsating...
Tackle
Face grab
Party talk
Check up on your party.
Hack
Pinecone pig
Animated figure of a pinecone pig. A loyal companion\nuntil it's very end.
Talk
Talking can sometimes get you out of uncomfortable situations.
Hurting
Create a devastating vortex out of your concentrated feelings \nof hurting and hatred. Requires 1 Rev Point.
Scratch
Stump arm
Slam
Pesticide
Lantern
Small fire attack with lantern.
Sickle
Manic stab
Necromancy
Bring back life to where it once lingered. The bond between\nthe body and the soul must still be relatively fresh for the\nnecromancy to work.
Pipe smash
The moonscorched is tearing his face apart...
The moonscorched is shaking uncontrollably.
The moonscorched is tearing her face apart...
Steal
Pickpocket valuables from the enemy pockets.
Explosion
Poison tongue
Suicide
There are worse fates than death. Sometimes it's\ngood to go on your own terms...
Low sweep
Run
There is no shame in running away from battles. Live to see\nanother day.
Critical slash
Pyromancy trick
A simple pyromancy trick to cause burns to your opponent.
The priest grins widely...
Vertical sweep
Locust swarm
Summon a swarm of crickets to disrupt the enemy.
Mischief of rats
Summon a swarm of rats to disrupt the enemy.
Guard break
Break through the defence of the opponent.
Blood golem
Sacrifice blood to summon a golem that fights by your side\ntemporarily. The golem only takes orders from the one that\ngave birth to it. Requires 1 Rev Point.
Pheromones
Release of pheromones that makes the opponent divert all\nattention to the target.
Rock smash
Smash
Snatch
Peck
Maul
Nasty bite
The ghoul stares at you with it's dead fish eyes...
Cinder
Needle worms
Harness the strength of a hundred leeches. The price is\nthat you have to carry them inside you as parasites...
Needle worm
The yellow mage forms magical hand signs...
Chains of torment
Summon the chains that tormented Chambara for hundreds\nof years.
En garde
Long combat experience has prepared you for fights.\nPrepare for an attack to gain advantage by pressing [E].
Ritual spear
Flock of crows
Black orb
A concentrated negative energy that can be hurled at your\nopponent multiple times. The orb maintains its form only\ntemporarily before the ill will disperses.
Healing whispers
Whispers carried by the older god Sylvian heal wounds\nand mend injuries.
Inject
Ritual knife
Axe kick
Rusty claw
Whispers of Gro-goroth
Combustion
A talented wizard can control the heat in the atmosphere\nand create a large combustion of fire and flames to devour\ntheir opponents. Requires 1 Rev Point.
Dodge roll
Kick
Face rip
Sking granny slowly stumbles forward......
The leg is hanging loose.
Cutlass
Molten gold
A simple pyromancy trick to burn your opponents.
A large combustion of fire and flames. Requires 1 Rev\nPoint.
Suckerpunch
Shield bash
Light blue vial
The outlander aims carefully...
Gaping mouth
Summon Asterisk
Salvation
Concentrated whispers carried by the older god Sylvian. Heals\na considerable amount of health of all the party members.
Purifying ember
Purifying black flames
The creature is wriggling in pain...
Toxic mist
Body needles
Blank stare
Double-arm smash
Plague touch
Punch
Loving whispers
Concentrated whispers carried out by the older god Sylvian.\nHeals a considerable amount of health. Precariously the whisper's\neffects are solely based on Sylvian's whims.
Summon the deity of the good luck. The pinecone pig.
Gauntlet punch
Spider bite
The asterisk is floating idle in the air...
The newborn god is trembling in pain...
Pure fear
Pure hunger
The newborn god glances at you...
Self-mutilation
Claw of a god
Death
Burning gaze
Gro-goroth is breathing heavily...
Poisoned dart
Paralysis dart
Mad rush
Cross-slash
The guardian hurls a boulder at you!
Ruin
The molded squirms in pain...
Ejaculation
War cry
Provoke the enemy into attacking you.
Chomp
Rebirth of the beloved
A hidden love magic that is said to bring back the one\nyou loved the most.
Escape plan
A skill that greatly enhances your chances of running away\nfrom fights. Planning for an escape in advance pays off.\nA passive skill.
Stomp
Rot
Rot the victim from inside out to make them vulnerable to \nattacks. Requires 1 Rev Point.
Janitor
The villager sets up a bear trap
Bear trap
Pesticide spray
Toothless bite
Black vomit
The headless is panting...
The left pendulum picks up momentum...
The right pendulum picks up momentum...
The pedulum swings in a great arc...
Guillotine swing
Pendulum swing
Idle swing...
Mastery over vermin
Gain the ability to talk to those who are often left unseen.
Flesh puppetry
Puppeteer severed limbs at your disposal to attack the enemy.\nYou need sawed off limbs to do this.
Mind read
A moon magic that reveal the inner thoughts of your\nfellow humans.
Grasp of a giant
The monster grabs you by the face!
Gun proficiency
Proficiency with firearms gives you greater accuracy while\nshooting. A passive skill.
Gunslinger
Advanced use of pistols. Precise shots can occasionally \ndismember opponents. Used on field.
Executioner
Advanced use of trenchguns. You are able to execute a stunned\nenemy by shooting it again on the field.
Advanced use of rifles. You are able to one-shot enemies\nwith the rifle every now and then. Used on field.
Giant fork
Giant knife
The gentleman makes gurggling sounds...
The vomit burns!
Canister smash
Gas is leaking from Vile's canister...
Doomsday trumpet
Engrave
Engrave a sigil on a party member. The benefit of the sigil varies\ndepeding on the god it belongs to. Historically sigils were carved\non the body, but modern practition prefers face sigils.
Rampage
A vicious ramming attack.
Advanced occultism
Your advanced knowledge in occult arts enables you to start \na battle with an extra Rev point. A passive skill.
Meditation
Reach a higher state of awareness. Meditate while guarding to gain \nextra Rev points on that turn.
Mucus and slime drips from the trout...
Shoot
Critical shot
The rifleman is aiming wildly...
Hammerhead
Clawing
The crimson father is focusing its attention...
Mind control
The crimson father began trembling furiously...
Tentacles
Occult dagger
Gaping bite
Point blank
Needle whip
Mystery injection
Baton
Organ harvest
Harvest organs from fallen foes to sacrifice them with your\nmedicinal skills. The desecration of bodies used to be a taboo\nsubject, but it is now widely used among medical practitioners.
Medicinal
Sacrifice harvested organs to Vitruvia, the architect of the human\nbody. A sacrifice will cure a corresponding status ailment. Medicinal\nis based on the law where every action has an equal reaction.
Magna-medicinal
A greater form of medicinal where the surgeon will sacrifice\ntheir own limbs in exhange for human life. The procedure must be\nperformed on the spot during an encounter to work properly.
Analyze
Study the anatomy of your opponent to quickly find the biggest\nweaknesses it their physique.
Trapcraft
Craft bear traps and booby traps from different utility items.\nUsed in the Crafting menu.
Weaponcraft
Use your imagination to craft unique weapons from different\nutility items. Used in the Crafting menu.
Short circuit
Short circuit an electric lock to open locked doors.\nRelatively simple in practice, but short circuiting the wrong\nconductors might lock the door for good.
Remedial poison
Sacrifice a kidney to Vitruvia to cure poison.
Remedial toxic
Sacrifice a liver to Vitruvia to cure toxic.
Remedial infection
Sacrifice a thymus to Vitruvia to cure infections.
Remedial bleeding
Sacrifice a heart to Vitruvia to cure bleeding.
Remedial fracture
Sacrifice parathyroid glands to Vitruvia to cure fractures.
Remedial blindness
Sacrifice an eye to Vitruvia to cure blindness.
Greater analyze
Analyze the enemy behaviour and find the weak points. You can\nuse the acquired information against similar type enemies.
Wrench toss
Throw your pipe wrench at the enemy with devastating force.\nA chance of stun. Requires pipe wrench to be equipped first.
Bulldozer
The pillarman starts to jog...
The dysmorphia's arm is spasming violently...
The dysmorphia is radiating!
Needles readies his syringe...
The platoon is aiming its canon...
Distraught melody
The Neighbour whips its tongue out
The Neighbour is smelling the air with its tongue...
Suction tongue
Spear poke
Javelin
Choke
Harden
The soldier is swinging his pistol wildly
Judgement bell
The inquisitor is chanting blood magic...
Revel in feces
Infected bite
Stinger top
Carousel of claws
Tender bite
Tender bite 2x
Tender bite 3x
Crescent claw
Body throw
Bribe
The mallet is hanging loose...
Greater occultism
Your greater knowledge in occult arts enables you to start \na battle with 2 extra Rev points. A passive skill.
Warding sigil
Draw a warding sigil on the ground to fend off malice and\ncreatures with ill intent. Originally created by the Virgin\nMages of the Eastern Sanctuaries.
La Danse Macabre
A ritual dance used to channel otherwordly powers to be used\nby the performer. Raises otherwordly powers gradually over the\ncourse of a fight. A passive skill.
Premonitions
Greater meditation
Reach a greater state of awareness. Meditate while guarding to gain\neven more Rev points on that turn.
Spice forge
Spice forges were widely used by magick practitioners of the\nMiddle East back in the day. Spices make it possible to customize\nthe properties of your otherwordly skills.
Sacrifice your own blood for Gro-goroth, the god of destruction.\nA blood sacrifice will enhance your affinity with the said god.\nSacrifices like these were everyday occurences back in the day.
Masturbation
An act of self-love enhances your affinity with Sylvian when\nperformed on a ritual circle. This act is widely popular among\nthe priests of Vatican when mixed with blood sacrifice.
Slow metabolism
Slowing down your breath and concentrating on the matters at\nhand. You don't need to eat quite as often. You only need few\ngood meals a day.
Masterchef
Greater culinary skills enable you to cook meals that have\nspecial nutritional properties. These include various stat boosts.
Melee proficiency
Proficiency with melee weapons gives you greater accuracy when\nfighting with a weapon you can swing. A passive skill.
Toxicology
The skill to condense the effective properties of different\npoisonous plants to maximize their potential. Teaches you the\nrecipes for condensed nettle and condensed hemlock.
Undergrowth awareness
You can harvest irritable and poisonous plants safely and also\ntell apart the plants that have potential use in your situation.\nA passive skill useful on the field.
Advanced botanism
The skill to condense the effective properties of herbs and\nplants to maximize their potential. Teaches you the recipes for\ncondensed blue and green herbs as well as lavender.
Poison tip
Coat your weapon in poison extracted from the local plantlife.\nThe poison tip takes a small toll on your sanity because of the\nconstant stress of handling a poison coated weapon.
Fast stance
Raise your speed with swift footwork. In most cases you get\nand extra turn between enemy attacks.
Bob and weave
A defensive technique where one bobs their head laterally to an\nincoming attack while shifting balance to either left or right.\nRaises evasion greatly.
Counter stance
Stay alert for enemy attacks and counter when possible.
Adrenaline rush
The longer the combat goes on, the stronger you get as your\nblood boils ever hotter.
Bare-fisted proficiency
Proficiency with your bare fists gives you greater accuracy when\nfighting without a weapon. A passive skill.
Intimidate
Intimidation tactics in battle work on those mentally weak.\nThe effects vary case by case. Used while initiating Talk\nduring combat.
Killing intent
You killing intent eminates strong. This will scare away the\nweaker opponent so you don't need to bother with them.
Explosives
Getting creative in a wartorn times is a must. Craft explosives\nto be used in combat from simple everyday ingredients.
Try to pickpocket goods from your opponents. You never know\nwhat you might find.
Bury the trauma
Bury your trauma and fears. This reduces your sanity decline while \nexploring. You can deal with the psychiatric collapse and the combat\nfatigue once you're in a safer place. After all this...
Order, Charge!
Give orders to your team to charge and attack the enemy without\nwasting their turns.
Order, Defend!
Lockpicking
An ability to open any simple lock with your trusty lockpick.
Persuade
Persuade your opponents with greater intellect and wit. The effects\nvary between enemy to enemy depending on their persona. Used with\nTalk skill.
Diplomacy
Start the fight by talking to the opponent without wasting a\nturn. Maybe you can find a diplomatic resolution before any\nviolence takes place?
Reverse-healing
remove own organs to cause serious damage
Precision stance
A special stance to raise your accuracy greatly. Often used\nduring medical surgeries to prevent one's arm from shaking.
Diagnosis
Study fallen enemies and their anatomy to gain knowledge of\nthem. Diagnosis also reveals what strategies might work the\nbest when facing similar foes in the future.
Rugged handsome looks
The skill doesn't necessarily translate to everyone. Beauty is in\nthe eye of beholder after all.
A barbaric trait of devouring the carcass of your opponents \nto ease hunger.
Hype yourself into a state of aggression and trance. An old\ntraditional Oldegårdian folk skill.
Provoke the enemy into attacking you only, leaving others\nalone.
Sisu
Your will to live. You just grind your teeth together instead\nof dying. You're not ready just yet.
Black smog
Crystallize manmade darkness born from the industrial age\nto blind and suffocate your opponents. Requires 1 Rev Point.
Mark of Gro-goroth
Scorched earth
Scorch your surroundings completely to create an environment\nthat greatly enhances fire attacks. Requires 1 Rev Point.
Roots that reap
A talented wizard can generate a shockwave that travels\nunderground and forces sharp roots to push through the ground.\nAttacks all enemies. Requires 2 Rev Points.
Spontaneous combustion
THe highest form of pyromancy. Becomes the flame itself.
Photosynthesis
The process in which you use sunlight to create oxygen and\nenergy to replenish your health gradually over time. Requires\nsunlight obviously. A passive skill.
Greater photosynthesis
Brain flower
Plant your personal seeds of brain flower to a fertile ground.\nFreshly deceased corpses being the most fertile of grounds. A brain\nflower replenishes sanity and mind.
Heart flower
Plant your personal seeds of heart flower to a fertile ground.\nFreshly deceased corpses being the most fertile of grounds. A heart\nflower replenishes body and wounds.
Golden gates
A gift from the Moon God himself. Gain access to golden gates\nthat lead you out from madness and world of deceit. A passive ability.
Reveal aura
Reveal positions of the other contestants through examining a\nmap. To sense these positions, a spike of energy is required.\nYou can't sense a person without this.
Blood sword
The blood of Alll-mer boils and rages even ages after his death.\nJust a drop sends swords to the heart of his enemies. Summon a\nblood sword to wield in battle.
Resurrection
Longinus
The blood of Alll-mer boils and rages even ages after his death.\nJust a drop thrusts spears to the torso of his enemies. Summon a\nblood spear to wield in battle.
Inverse crown of thorns
A glimpse of the pain and suffering Alll-mer the ascended one\nendured on the cross. Can you feel closer to the god this way?
Summon a mischief of rats to disrupt the enemy. Rats spread\nconfusion and disease where ever they go.
Mad sack smash
Sack smash
Double sack smash
Cane smash
The ratkin is scratching itself
Rat bite
Summon a rat
Knife stab
Knife slash
Gut kick
Abella sets up a bear trap
Quick jabs
Right straight
Nettle mist
Drift tackle
Suitcase smash
Rev up
Flimsy kick
Vent out
The stage is engulfed with gas
A nice rubbing
Gentle dismember
Scalpel balette
Precision cut
O'saa makes magical sigils with his hand...
O'saa continues his ritual dance...
Mastermind makes magical sigils with his hand...
Rapid fire
The weeping scope is weeping...
Wire trap
Cross stiching
Concentrated whispers carried by the older god Sylvian\nheal a considerable amount of health.
The floppy arm stays idle.
The neighbour is preparing for a devastating attack!
The floppy arm is tensing up...
Meat mallet
Vomit
Glass shards
Glass ceiling
Rage smash
The giant takes a step forward...
The muscles on the arm are contracting...
Mechanical dance shrieks out of pain
The giant is engulfed by rage!
Hanky-panky
Claws
Claws 2x
The bellend is aiming towards you...
Helm splitter
Arrow
August takes a careful aim...
Bayonet
The elite trooper raises his shield for defence
The trooper's arm twitches...
The elite trooper lifts his rifle with a steady hand...
Flamethrower
The flame trooper readies his flamethrower...
Low bayonet
Guard+
Skill #2 will be used when you select\nthe Guard command.\n
Perfect guard
While guarding your damage is reduced even further and you\ncan evade the most drastic physical trauma.
Red arc
Overheat
Lunar meteorite
Summon a small piece of the moon. Requires 1 Rev Point.
Wing guard
Phantom hands
Asterisk
Butterfly edge
You stir up the hornet's nest!
Hornet sting
Slap
Double slap
Curse of Light
Pillar of Light
Soul strike
Spear swing
Throwing spear
Feather rain
Heavy Mortar
"Move you fat fuck!"
Platoon charge
"Do your thing you idiot!"
The platoon is taking an aim...
The platoon is confused...
The monster grabs you by the neck!
Grasp of a genie
The hand of destruction appears...
The hand of creation appears...
First hurting
First black smog
First blood golem
First black orb
First scorched earth
First roots that reap
First pyromancy trick
First combustion
First blood sword
First Longinus
First rot
First flesh puppetry
First mischief of rats
First pheromones
First loving whispers
First healing whispers
Double hurting
Double black smog
Double blood golem
Double black orb
Double scorched earth
Double roots that reap
Double pyromancy trick
Double combustion
Double blood sword
Double Longinus
Double rot
Double flesh puppetry
Double mischief of rats
Double pheromones
Double loving whispers
Double healing whispers
Greater hurting
Create a devastating vortex out of your concentrated feelings \nof hurting and hatred.
Greater black smog
Crystallize manmade darkness born from the industrial age\nto blind and suffocate your opponents.
Greater blood golem
Greater black orb
Greater scorched earth
Scorch your surroundings completely to create an environment\nthat greatly enhances fire attacks.
Greater roots that reap
Greater pyromancy trick
Greater combustion
Greater blood sword
Greater Longinus
Greater rot
Rot the victim from inside out to make them vulnerable to \nattacks.
Greater flesh puppetry
Greater mischief of rats
Greater pheromones
Greater loving whispers
Greater healing whispers
Coat your weapon in poison extracted from the local plantlife.\nGives you 50% chance of inflicting the poison on your enemies when\nattacking. A passive skill initiated at the start of an encounter.
The owl sprite takes a step forward...
Poison dart
The owl cultist is tilting its head...
The owl sprite is tilting its head...
Double scratch
Bone pike
Rat scratch fever
Moonscorch
Dreamscape
Lunar storm
Gentle beheading
Bloodrose assault
All seeing eye
The spilled blood attract the bloodrose vines...
Miasma cloud
Piercing howl
Left paw
Right paw
Rotten meat
High priest's fingers are twitching...
Killing frenzy
The sergal lowers his stance...
Slasher
Death gurgle
Meat grinder
Hind legs
Front legs
Hind leg
Front leg
Stampede
Ejaculate
The ejaculation burns!
The priest reaches out for you...
Pocketcat's eyes light up...
Strike your enemy with a concentrated bolt of electricity\nthat will stun weaker foes.
Summon the chains that tormented Chambara the Tormented One\nfor hundreds of years. Requires 2 Rev Points.
Moth swarm
Summon a swarm of moths to aid you in combat. The moths are the\nvery same that leaked from the paradise, the artificial green, when\nthe door between the two worlds opened. Requires 1 Rev Point.
Healing Link
Requires 2 Rev Points.
Left slam
Right slam
Mauler
The gull brother is cackling and laughing...
Psycho stab
The villager lunges at you!
Meat tenderizer
The half-cocooned lunges at you!